.TH xneko SIPB "1 September 1990" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
xneko \- Cat-and-Mouse Chase
.SH SYNOPSIS
xneko
.I options
.SH OPTIONS
.br
.B -display
.I displayName
.br
.B -geometry
.I geometry
.br
.B -bg
.I backgroundColor
.br
.B -fg
.I foregroundColor
.br
.B -title
.I windowTitle
.br
.B -name
.I name
.br
.B -iconic
.br
.B -speed
.I catSpeed
(0-16)
.br
.B -time
.I updateInterval
(in microseconds)
.br
.B -root
.br
.B -help
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I Xneko
displays a window in which a cat chases your "mouse" cursor.  Try
moving the mouse inside and outside the
.I xneko
window, leaving it stationary, moving it slowly and quickly, etc., and
watch the cat respond.
.PP
To exit, either click the 3rd mouse button on the
.I xneko
window, or hit
.I Meta-Q
.
.PP
All options except the last four above behave in the standard manner
for X applications (see
.IR X (1)).
The
.B -speed
option controls the speed of the cat (the default is 16).  The
.B -time
option controls the interval (in microseconds) between updates of the
.I xneko
window (the default is 125000).
.PP
The
.B -root
option allows
.I xneko
to operate on the root as opposed to creating and running in its own window.
.PP
The
.B -help
option provides a usage message and exits.
.PP
The program was originally written by a Japanese author as a
Macintosh\(TM desktop accessory (The word "neko" means "cat" in
Japanese).
.PP
The capabilities to use color and to run on the root window were
added by
.I Dan Checkoway
.
.SH SEE ALSO
X(1)
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
A usage message when improper arguments are supplied.
.SH AUTHORS
Masayuki Koba, 1990
.br
Dan Checkoway, 1994
